e think in psychology the skills that you really want to focus on developing
our critical thinking skills. A lot of what we do in research
is evaluating information, both the information that maybe we're generating
with our research, but also the information that other people
have generated eso learning how to think critically learning how
thio logically evaluate information in terms of its quality is really,
really important. Um, I think there are other skills that you can
work on to develop as a psych major in particular, um, skills such
a Z empathy, um, and listening skills that could be very, very helpful
across a multitude of situations. Um, but honestly, if I if I had
to point a one thing that you really should be trying to develop, I
would say it's your critical thinking skills.